Update google-ads-event-streaming.md (#190)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/google-ads-event-streaming.md

Author: https://discourse.amplitude.com/t/does-google-ads-event-streaming-require-any-mandatory-property-to-be-part-of-the-streamed-events/11860

Modified the considerations section to make it more clear

- You must enable this integration in each Amplitude project you want to use it in.
- Amplitude sends custom events using Amplitude `event_type` as event name.
- This integration uses Google's [Upload Click Conversions API](https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/docs/conversions/upload-clicks)).

> - This integration requires a mandatory property to be part of the streamed events. Google Click ID (`gclid` or `initial_gclid') is required to enable Amplitude to create the click conversion and pass that event to Google Ads. Google Ads relies on the `gclid` parameter to track user interactions with ads and attribute conversions back to specific ad clicks. When a user clicks an ad served through Google Ads, Google Ads generates a unique `gclid` value and appends it to the URL. This parameter identifies the click, and links it to subsequent conversions. Any events without a user property gclic or initial_gclid will be dropped from Amplitude to Google Ads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This integration requires a mandatory property to be part of the streamed events. Amplitude requires Google Click ID (`gclid` or `initial_gclid`) to enable it to create the click conversion and pass that event to Google Ads. Google Ads relies on the `gclid` parameter to track user interactions with ads and attribute conversions back to specific ad clicks. When a user clicks an ad served through Google Ads, Google Ads generates a unique `gclid` value and appends it to the URL. This parameter identifies the click, and links it to subsequent conversions. Amplitude drops events without a user property `gclid` or `initial_gclid`.
```
